Update Crons to include platform docs (#6506)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/crons/setup/python.mdx

## Job Monitoring

> Use the Python SDK to monitor and notify you if your job doesn't start when expected (missed), fails, or if it exceeded its maximum runtime (failed).
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the Python SDK to monitor and notify you if your job is missed (or doesn't start when expected), if it fails due to a problem in the runtime (such as an error), or if it fails by exceeding its maximum runtime.

```
